# Project Overview
## Project: Build Your Own Custom Chatbot
In this project you will change the dataset to build your own custom chatbot.

### What Will You Build?
When you have completed this project, you will have a custom OpenAI chatbot using a scenario of your choice. You will be responsible for selecting a data source, explaining why the data source is appropriate for the task, incorporating the data source into the custom chatbot code, and writing questions to demonstrate the performance of the custom prompt.

### Data Sources
There are two main data sources we recommend using for this project: Wikipedia API and CSV data.

The Wikipedia API will be most similar to the examples shown in the demos and exercises you have previously seen. You can use any article other than [2022](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2022) or [2023 Syria-Turkey Earthquake](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2023_Turkey%E2%80%93Syria_earthquake) as long as it fulfills the requirements.

We have also provided a data directory containing CSV files that you can use for the project. These are:

* `2023_fashion_trends.csv` - this file contains reports and quotes about fashion trends for 2023. Each row includes the source URL, article title, and text snippet.
* `character_descriptions.csv` - this file contains character descriptions from theater, television, and film productions. Each row contains the name, description, medium, and setting. All characters were invented by an OpenAI model.
* `nyc_food_scrap_drop_off_sites.csv` - this file contains locations, hours, and other information about food scrap drop-off sites in New York City. This information was retrieved in early 2023, and you can also get the latest version from [this open data portal](https://dev.socrata.com/foundry/data.cityofnewyork.us/if26-z6xq).
You may also source your own data. For example, you might want to use web scraping or other documents you have on hand. The dataset must have __at least 20 rows__, and it must be composed of __text data__. OpenAI language models are not optimized for numeric or logical reasoning, so number-heavy data like budgets, sensor data, or inventory are not appropriate.

### Custom Scenario
In addition to the technical component of preparing and incorporating a new dataset, you need to explain why this dataset is appropriate for the task. __If the model responds the same way regardless of whether custom data is provided, that means that the dataset was not appropriate for the task.__ You will explain your dataset choice in two ways:

1. First, at the start of the notebook, you will write a short paragraph describing your dataset choice and setting up the scenario of when this customization would be useful.
2. Second, at the end of the notebook, you will demonstrate the model Q&A before and after the customization has been performed in order to highlight the changes.
