# Instructions
## Project Instructions
Work for this project will primarily be completed in the Jupyter Notebook titled `project.ipynb`. This notebook contains `TODO` indicators in the four places where you must complete tasks. These four tasks correspond to the four rubric items.

### 1. Choose a Dataset and Explain the Scenario
Consider the dataset choices described on the Project Overview page and select which dataset you are going to use for this project.

In the second cell of the notebook, there is a `TODO` in a Markdown cell. Double-click on this text to edit it. Write a paragraph explaining which dataset you are using and why.

### 2. Prepare the Dataset for the Custom Query Process
None of the dataset options are in exactly the right format for this process. You need to get them into a format so they can be loaded as a `pandas` dataframe with a column called `"text"`.

Note that you are not required to use `pandas` to manipulate the data. You can use Excel/Google Sheets, a text editor, or whatever other software you are comfortable using. If you are using other software to reshape or clean the data, make sure you upload the data file to the `data` folder then use `pandas` to load it.

### 3. Perform the Custom Query Process
Integrate your dataset with the custom query code that was provided previously. You can copy and paste as needed. Just make sure that you are using your custom dataset and not one of the datasets used in the course content!

### 4. Write Questions to Demonstrate Custom Performance
In the last cells of the notebook, there are spaces for "Question 1" and "Question 2". Write at least two questions that show how the model answers differently with and without your custom prompt.

## Submission Instructions
Once you've met all of the rubric requirements, you can submit your project using on of these options:

* From the workspace using the __SUBMIT PROJECT__ button on the workspace page
* As a zip file or a Github repository using the __SUBMIT PROJECT__ button on the project submission page
> ⚠️ Important
> 
> Before you submit your project, remove your OpenAI API key and replace it with "YOUR API KEY". Your reviewer will have their own API key to use when testing your project.

## Local Machine Instructions
A Udacity workspace with all necessary dependencies is available under "Jupyter Workspace - Project". If you would prefer to work on your local computer, you will need:

1. Python 3.9
2. An environment containing the dependencies listed in [this requirements.txt file](https://github.com/openai/openai-cookbook/blob/daf8e0d01173affdaf5d9bab4e118a6dac9327a3/apps/web-crawl-q-and-a/requirements.txt)
Then once your environment is set up, you can download the necessary files directly from the workspace or from the course resources.

